check out this week's must see movies in
Dunkirk Christopher Nolan tells an epic
true story of a massive military
evacuation during World War two in five
minutes you guys
we need a girls trip for lifelong
friends go on a girls trip to New
Orleans and rekindle their sisterhood
with little drinking and dancing you
have less than ten hours to find the
threat to agents raced to save the
universe in mullerian in the city of a
thousand planets we need the two of you
to be the guardians of our future see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]